**Knowledge Check**
- **What is a network?**
	A network is two or more computers remotely connected to each other, enabling communication between those computers. They are connected either physically with wires or wirelessly using various wireless protocols like WiFi or Bluetooth.
	Networks can be structured in different ways, ranging from basic setups like a home network with a single router, to more complicated architectures comprising of multiple routers.
- **What is the internet?**
	The internet is a worldwide decentralized network, consisting of servers in many different locations connected by physical internet infrastructure including cables in the ground and even across seas. 
- **What is an IP address?**
	An **Internet Protocol** (IP) **address** is a unique identifier which each computer in a network has. It is called an address because an IP has to be known to be able to send queries to it.
	Because IP Addresses are not memorable or expressive, URLs were invented to have human-readable names which act as pointers to IP addresses.
- **What is a router?**
	A router is a simple computer-like hardware device which acts like a hub or conduit for messages to all be sent and received each computer connected to it. Its job is to make sure that the correct messages are sent to the right IP addresses.
- **What is an ISP?**
	An Internet Service Provider is a service which allows people to connect routers in their homes, offices, etc to the internet, via their physical servers connected by telephone lines and sometimes fiber optic, through which data travels to the ISP's data center before being routed to other parts of the world to wherever it needs through large-scale fiber optic cables, essentially making the internet  accesible to regular people.
- **What are packets and how are they used to transfer data?**
- **What is a client?**
	Unlike servers which are connected directly to the internet, client computers are connected to an ISP which forwards queries to and from servers.
- **What is a server?**
	A server is a computer connected to the internet, which is configured to receive and respond to requests from clients, usually at a high volume/bandwidth. 
- **What is a web page?**
	A web page is a document written in HTML which structures content in a way that can be understood and displayed by a browser. HTML is then supplmented with CSS to add visual styling to the HTML content, and Javascript is used to add interactability and functionality to the page. There are some static sites without Javascript, but for most interactive web apps, it is required.
- **What is a web server?**
	A web server is a type of server connected to the internet, which is configured to accept requests from web clients ie. browsers and respond to them by serving the web-pages it hosts, using the standard protocols designed for that purpose.
- **What is a web browser?**
	A web browser is a desktop application which people run on their computers to browse and navigate the web. They are usually designed to be user friendly, without requiring much technical understanding of what's going on behind the scenes. By typing in a URL, the browser 
- **What is a search engine?**
	A search engine is a web service which allows people to submit search queries, and quickly respond with an aggregate of relevant websites that relate to thay search query. These results are pulled from a database that get updated by we crawlers run by the search engines, which semantically evaluate, categorize, and rank each website. 
- **What is a DNS request?**
	A DNS converts or 'resolves' a domain name/hostname which is human-readable, into a machine-readable IP address. 
- **Which browser are you currently using?**
	I currently use Brave browser which is a fork of Chromium that's meant to be more privacy-oriented, with things like trackers disabled and ads blocked. 
- **In your own words, explain what happens when you run a search on google.com.**
	My browser sends the hostname 'google.com' to a DNS, which then resolves the IP address by sending a request to the nameservers, then once the IP is known, it's sent back to the client browser which sent the request and a connection between the browser and the server's IP address is established using HTTP/HTTPS