***Knowledge check***

**What kind of program is Git?**
- Git is a Version Control System (VCS), which means it allows tracking of different file versions accross time with many Quality Of Life features added to make this process smooth
**What are the differences between Git and a text editor in terms of what they save and their record keeping?**
- A text editor only saves one version of a document as a file, and even though some might include an undo button, that isn't nearly as powerful or useful as a fully fledged VCS like Git for keeping track of changes to files.
**Does Git work at a local or remote level?**
- It is designed to work for both remote and local repositories. Git itself does not provide repository hosting, but it can easily be configured to work with remote repo hosts like GitHub, GitLab, company server, etc.
**Does GitHub work at a local or remote level?**
- GitHub is the bigger repository hosting service, and it is free. Each Developer can have their own SSH keys to be able to pull their commits to the remote repository. It was recently purchased by Micro$oft, and many people migrate over to GitLab or others for this reason, but GitHub is still very useful.
**Why is Git useful for an individual developer?**
- Git can be useful for individual developers, as version control keeps things more organised in general. However, the main benefit is for collaborating with others. 
**Why are Git and GitHub useful for a team of developers?**
- Git and GitHub are both useful to teams of collaborating developers, because it makes it possible for concurrent edits which can be merged with each other fairly seamlessly, which makes it possible for the cumulative edits and contributions of various developers to be patched together into a final releasable state. It also allows for different branches to test out new ideas which might break things. Then, only once the development branch is fully debugged then it can be merged with the main branch. 