**Cheatsheet**
- This is a reference list of the most commonly used Git commands. (You might consider bookmarking this handy page.) Try to familiarize yourself with the commands so that you can eventually remember them all:
**Commands related to a remote repository:**
```
git clone git@github.com:USER-NAME/REPOSITORY-NAME.git
git push or git push origin main (Both accomplish the same goal in this context)
Commands related to workflow:
git add .
git commit -m "A message describing what you have done to make this snapshot different"
Commands related to checking status or log history
git status
git log
```
The basic Git syntax is program | action | destination.

For example,

`git add .` is read as `git | add | .`, where the period represents everything in the current directory;
`git commit -m "message"` is read as `git | commit -m | "message"`; and
`git status` is read as `git | status | (no destination).`
Git Best Practices
- There’s a lot to learn about using Git, but it is worth taking the time to highlight some best practices so that you can be a better collaborator. Git is not only helpful when collaborating with others, but is helpful when working independently as you will be relying on your own commit history in the future when revisiting old code.
- Two helpful best practices to consider are atomic commits and leveraging those atomic commits to make your commit messages more useful to future collaborators.
- An atomic commit is a commit that includes changes related to only one feature or task of your program. There are two main reasons to do this: first, if something you change turns out to cause some problems, it is easy to revert the specific change without losing other changes; and second, it enables you to write better commit messages.
- As for writing better commit messages, this Chris Beams article on How to Write a Git Commit Message provides excellent guidelines for writing neat and concise commit messages.

***Knowledge check***
**How do you create a new repository on GitHub?**
- By logging into GitHub in a browser and navigating to the top right of the page where there is a button to create a repository. It would be interesting to know if there's any way to do this via the command line. 
**How do you copy a repository onto your local machine from GitHub?**
- There are multiple ways to do this, but the way taught in the the curiculum and presumably best practice, is to get the SSH link for the GitHub repo, then type the following command: 
```
git clone git@github.com:<user-name>/<repo-name>.git 
```
- In my specific case that would be:
```
git clone git@github.com:spliffli/git_test.git 
```
- **[edit]** So I just searched for the difference between using SSH instead of HTTPS, and it seems that SSH is most useful for private repositories as the connection is encrypted. For public repositories, then it shouldn't really matter, unless I am missing something.
**What is the default name of your remote connection?**
- ```origin```
**Explain what origin is in git push origin main.**
- `origin` is the default name of the remote project
**Explain what main is in git push origin main.**
- `main` refers to the main branch which is the default branch.
**Explain the two-stage system that Git uses to save files.**
- Before commiting changes to your directory, you can stage and unstage files as a kind of intermediary of locally saved yet uncommitted changes.
**How do you check the status of your current repository?**
- With the command: `git status`
**How do you add files to the staging area in git?**
- with the command: `git add <filename>`
**How do you commit the files in the staging area and add a descriptive message?**
- `git commit -m "Descriptive message here"`
**How do you push your changes to your repository on GitHub?**
- `git push` or `git push origin:<branch>`
**How do you look at the history of your previous commits?**
`git log`