# ***Assignment***
**Directions**
- [ ] Go through the following sections of the official Chrome DevTools docs:
    - [x] Overview: don’t navigate to any other pages linked here; just get familiar with what tools are available in the DevTools, rather than how to use all of them right now.
    - [x] Open Chrome DevTools: similar to what we went over above, but with some nice extras.
    - [ ] CSS: be sure to follow along with any interactive instructions! Note that while you haven’t used CSS Grid yet, you should still read the “Inspect CSS Grid” section in order to be familiar with how to inspect it in case you see it in the wild.
    - [ ] Get Started With Viewing And Changing The DOM: skip through any part that uses the JavaScript console.

***Knowledge Check***
- [x] How do you select a specific element on your page with your browser’s developer tools?
    1. By right clicking an element then clicking 'inspect' from the dropdown menu
    2. By clicking/highlighting an element then pressing the f11 key.
- [x] What does a strikethrough in a CSS element mean in your browser’s developer tools?
    - a strikethrough means that the css rule has been overwritten by a conflicting rule of a higher specificity rank.
    - by searching for the rule in the search bar, and looking for which one is not underlines, you can figure out why it's being overwritten.
- [x] How do you change CSS in real time on specific elements of a web page with your browser’s developer tools?
    - Inside of Chrome DevTools, any active styles from any stylesheets that are being used on the current site will appear under the 'Styles' tab.
    - Each rule can be edited by clicking on them
    - new style rules can also be added by clicking the + symbol